
## Introduction

Xazabs gives its users a faster means of transferring crypto with the use of x11 algorithm based on dash technology. Cryptocurrencies have played a vital role in empowering power with various opportunities particularly technologies which have been driving the world economy. Businesses are now implementing various crypto technologies to boost their diverse opportunities where opportunities are profitable in both the rural and urban communities. Xazab comes into play here to take its own opportunity in the digital space where crypto is driving the present economy directly and indirectly. Xazab uses the technology of Duff that is Dash because it follows our own ideas of what a cryptocurrency features should look like. We are separately going to build off our own from this technology just as we have started. Xazab transactions are faster, easier and transactions can be privately sent if you so want. The unique features have been built on this platform just like what dash did from litecoin. Our foundations and services range in different sections which range from providing the world with latest technologies to advertising your platforms in our XAZAB world class advertising platforms.  Our wallets range from all platforms including androids and IOS devices which you can download from the Android play stores etc. Xazab utilizes a decentralized system to provide a peer-to-peer connection between people and business owners. For our services, we will only want to be paid in xazab.

### Xazab Development

Xazab is going to follow its own development but still remain completely with its parents development. More updates coming
